# ACSL-flightstack-winged-accessories

This repository provides accessory files to help process and visualize log file data generated by the [**ACSL-flightstack-winged**](https://github.com/andrealaffly/ACSL-flightstack-winged).

## Repository Content

### 1. Project root Directory
This folder contains the script file ``get-logs.sh`` to import the data from the odroid. 

> **NOTE:** Change the ``REMOTE_DIR`` to the correct flight log path on the odroid.

> **IMPORTANT:** Type in ``sudo chmod +x get-logs.sh`` to make the script executable in the terminal and then run ``./get-logs.sh`` to execute the script to import data after every flight run.

- **`createWorkspace.m`**  
  This script imports log files and creates a workspace in the MATLAB environment for processing. It serves as the entry point for working with flight data logs.

### 2. functions
This folder contains all the functions that are used by `createWorkspace.m` to process the data for the controllers

- **`process_pid_log.m`**
  A sample script that provides an example of processing PID controller-related log data and storing them in the MATLAB workspace, using the input variables in `createWorkspace.m`.

- **`process_mrac_pid_log.m`**
  A sample script that provides an example of processing MRAC PID controller-related log data and storing them in the MATLAB workspace, using the input variables in `createWorkspace.m`.

- **`process_pid_omega_log.m`**
  A sample script that provides an example of processing PID OMEGA controller-related log data and storing them in the MATLAB workspace, using the input variables in `createWorkspace.m`.

### 3. plotters
  This folder contains the MATLAB files used to plot the processed data. To use any of the plotter files, use the navigation bar on the left side of the screen in MATLAB. Navigate to and select the `flight_log\<platform>\<YYYY_MM_DD>\<flightrun>\<controller>_log_<flightrun>.mat` file. Once the `.mat` file is loaded, run the function in the plotter files to plot the data.

  > **IMPORTANT:** Each plotter is controller specific and needs to match the contoller name in the `.mat` file.

- **`plot_data_PID.m`**
  A sample script that provides an example of plotting PID controller-related log data stored in the `flight_log/` directory, created using the `createWorkspace.m` script and `process_pid_log.m` script.

- **`plot_data_MRAC_PID.m`**
  A sample script that provides an example of plotting MRAC PID controller-related log data stored in the `flight_log/` directory, created using the `createWorkspace.m` script and `process_mrac_pid_log.m` script.

- **`plot_data_PID_OMEGA.m`**
  A sample script that provides an example of plotting PID OMEGA controller-related log data stored in the `flight_log/` directory, created using the `createWorkspace.m` script and `process_pid_omega_log.m` script.

### 4. flight_log
This folder contains example log files from flight tests.

- **flight_log/qrbp/2024_07_23/flight_run_13_58_09/** contains flight data collected using the MRAC PID control algorithm with MOCAP fusion.

- **flight_log/qrbp/2024_07_25/flight_run_21_08_05/** contains flight data collected using the PID OMEGA control algorithm with MOCAP fusion.

- **flight_log/qrbp/2024_10_16/flight_run_17_54_17/** contains flight data collected using the PID OMEGA control algorithm with VIO fusion and MOCAP logging.

- **Flight_Data/2024/06/20240613/PID** contains flight data collected using the PID control algorithm.

- **Flight_Data/2024/07/20240720/MRAC** contains flight data collected using the MRAC control algorithm.

### 5. CAD
This folder contains the CAD files for the design of the Quad-Rotor Biplane (QRBP).


---
